Terran Astra Parks –not-for-profit Terran side
•What they "are" - a hybrid  / combo of Parks / Restaurants  / 
Amusement  Parks / Vacations / Events Halls / most of all  –Dude 
Ranches!
•Come and have dinner, enjoy some rides,  events, etc.
•Each of those earns "Rewards Points" toward flying cars
•Help us grow these parks –and also the infrastructure of up –organically
•They will  offer opportunities  to explore  places and 'things  to do', even 
when  that means things  that others  have thought  of as "jobs"
•e.g. planting trees
•As with  the infrastructure  of up; there  is no ownership...
1Copyright 2023  - Charon Software  - All Rights Reserved
Parks
•What they're like - I want to try to paint you a picture
•Sunsets  & Sunrises  are of utmost importance to me. Building  "cubby 
slots" for pods, with  Sunrise  & sunset in mind is a primary 
consideration  for location
•Stepping  out onto a balcony that's loaded  with fruit,  nut,  flowering 
trees is an Eden-level  fantasy.. I want the cubbies  to also double  as big 
"victory gardens"  .. each of the dozens | hundreds  of locations should 
have access to plenty  of locally grown | growing produce
2Copyright 2023  - Charon Software  - All Rights Reserved
Parks –"Restaurants"
•Restaurants  are applicable  for 6-8 acre parks or the  2,000+ acre 
"mega-parks"
•Leased cooking / coffee spaces
•% for mom & pop
•% to be rotated among community restaurants
•% that's prioritized for personal use / entertainment / hobby
•Available  "Gazebos"
•MY preference; a leasable option for a private experience
•We'd still have large dining  areas like typical restaurants
3Copyright 2023  - Charon Software  - All Rights Reserved
Parks –Riding through
•Eating / visiting / working -- these activities can all be stationary, but sometimes –we want to ride through, using our infrastructure
•I want to explore different options of ground mobility.. Maybe batteries? wheels?
•Long-term  I would love to explore new forms of rail
•I'd also love to see  if we can invent fireplace-based  mobility units for moving single efficiencies,  in & through and around these  parks
•For me; this is one of the most exciting parts of all of this. I wonder if maybe  one of you could capture some of this mental imagery into a Thomas Kincaide style pictures?
•Dreaming big - somehow incorporate trips up sides of mountains to waterfalls, crossing over rivers needlessly
4Copyright 2023  - Charon Software  - All Rights Reserved
Parks –ride through pt 2
•These could be 2, 3, 5, 8+ hour nature trips.
•Perfect for days off, but also a pretty awesome setting for a "workday"
•if we suddenly had this as an option for where  to work; I bet >50% of office workers  would say "Yes!!"  Right now
•Your work can lease a "Cubicle-pod" for you - I would imagine for less than they're paying right now for that 
office cubicle which you are - right here & now –officially sick of :)
•Market the heck out of this one.. 
Copyright 2023  - Charon Software  - All Rights Reserved 5
Parks –Funding, Pricing, Work intro.
•Everything  in our parks will start out a bit more expensive. 
(Remember  -- the goal of these  parks is to be fund-raisers  for "Up" 
but also for your community)
•Equally  important to know –"Credits" in the Parks are the primary 
means of compensating  the people who will  be completing  tasks / 
roles throughout  the system
6Copyright 2023  - Charon Software  - All Rights Reserved
Parks –Excitement 
•Start something  similar to the  80s' "I want my MTV" .. "I want 
my Terran Astral  Parks" ..
•I don't care how much money you have in the bank..  If you want 
to pay with  money, or pay through  work .. these  parks are for you!
•This can't just be a place for "customers"  -- the parks & the 
infrastructure  will  hopefully  grow to a point of needing  many of 
you to want to come and work -- Dude Ranch Style!
•More on that, next ...
7Copyright 2023  - Charon Software  - All Rights Reserved