New Work –Work-a-Day / "Gig"
•Look –none of us wants to work, right..??  But then  nothing  would get done!
•I hope we can explore some new approaches  to work, for building  our "Infrastructure  of Up" & our Parks
•I want work –especially  governance work –to be period-specific. Complete a task or role, for an allotted  amount of time, earn an allotted amounts of Credits,  all of which is fully transparent
•What we're not; I don't want to "hire" anyone .. no full-time  roles
•If you didn't  have the  means to outright  purchase your own pods,  this is a fast-track  means of earning them,  over time
1Copyright 2023  - Charon Software  - All Rights Reserved
New Work –Pay to Lease / Fill a Spot
•I am intrigued  by the  "Barbershop"  approach
•You lease one of the chairs to be the barber, that day
•Want the best business? Lease the best chair
•Are you awesome? You made your lease x20
•This approach  can be applicable  for many other things;
•"Restaurant" / Cooking spots
•Workstations (Wood, Metal, Leather)
•Rent these places for a day –maybe you just want to explore a hobby
•Maybe rent them for a couple weeks –earn enough for something really fun
•Anything under the Terran Astral Umbrella will be for limited Terms & Periods
Copyright 2023  - Charon Software  - All Rights Reserved 2
New Work –"Dude Ranch"
•If you're not familiar –a Dude Ranch is a place that allows you to pay for the immersive  experience  of being  a Rancher
•I want to create similar experiences,  but much more broadly
•The idea behind  choosing  the name "Dude Ranch" is to help  convey that I want these  Parks to also be Vacation destinations.
•If you have heard other people  talk about "vacations" but they've been  out of your price range; I hope to be able to coordinate great experiences for millions  of people  just like you.
•Come for your week off. Grab some Bounties in the mornings, eat, ride, and enjoy the parks in the evenings.
•The point is; I want these to be for everyone.
Copyright 2023  - Charon Software  - All Rights Reserved 3
New Work - Bounties
•I am not sure if "Bounties" is the right word, but .. I like the 
idea of approaching some work as though it was a quest (I am a gamer, 
after all)
•I want to maintain lists of needs & problems to be solved
•All work, from planting trees, building the flying cars, solving systems 
issues, and governance; it's all task-specific
4Copyright 2023  - Charon Software  - All Rights Reserved
New Work - Governance
•I want "governance  boards"  - cycled in & out regularly - to manage the day-to-day  of the Parks in aspects of the Infrastructure  of Up
•Some types of work may need to be reviewed / approved by others•Think social media, where we can up/down vote things
•Apply that to decisions made (Honestly –humanity needs this RIGHT NOW!)
•Top 1, 2, 3 % of contributors (voted by your community) become that period-of-time's governing board
•I never want to have singular control of this big amazing thing that we are all building, except to say that nobody else is going to take control. Period.
•After flying cars exist –Governance Boards can make decisions on "that next big thing"
•The rewards for excellent governance isn't just credits. I want to reserve the best parts of the parks, for the people whose votes most closely represented the greatest number of people in their community.
5Copyright 2023  - Charon Software  - All Rights Reserved
Doing work possibly = "Governance" (?)
•If you are Hard-Working+  / *Nice+ the  world saw it.. we heard about it. Let's live in a world where we get more than a smile & a nod
•*Please note; I don't measure success solely by "Units Produced"
•Many of our rewards are based on how well a person helps the overall system –not just its bottom line
•Occasionally, you may periodically  receive additional  unexpected rewards for excellence
•Think of it as a different kind of "Lottery", almost
•Want that lottery money? Keep it!
•But; the path to governance involves investing these rewards into an Terran-Astral initiative
6Copyright 2023  - Charon Software  - All Rights Reserved
New Work –Compensation
•In this system, compensation will work very differently than you're used to
•Some Credits for me, some for my community•The community  piece is similar to a tax, except you will have far greater influence over where & how it is spent
•Some of the Credits are for now, some are for later•Expiring Money .. those  two words alone could elicit change, Right Now!
•But - I don't  have control over "Money".  I do have control over Credits
•"Credits for Now" need to be spent or "lost"?
•I believe  that currencies work best when they are regularly changing hands. (e.g. you buy a hot dog, hot dog guy buys a cab ride, cabbie buys a haircut, barber buys a movie ticket  –that currency helped  multiple people)
•Credits for later –More on this later but - similar to a "Pension  for Part-Timers"
•I have zero control over US / foreign currencies ... but if Delta can have SkyMiles, we can have Terran-Astral Credits
7Copyright 2023  - Charon Software  - All Rights Reserved
Partnerships
•I'd love to partner with companies that need office space / work arrangements
•I'd love to partner with companies that provide office space
•I'd love to partner with car companies –but also (and I insist) I want our Pods to be available for everyone.  Henry Ford's "car for the common man" was honorable, but I genuinely believe we can improve on even that.
•Partner w cruise ships .. how can they compete? Our boats can go everywhere they can - plus a billion more places.. Let's partner
•Also hotels .. we can offer falling asleep & waking up someplace new each time in our "Pod Cubbies", in your own bed. Who competes with that?? Let's partner
•Same for restaurants - I want a majority % to be available  for mom & pop | the public .. But I definitely want to partner with local businesses to be able to be inside the Parks, as well