Team Working –Design improvements
•There's a LOT in this series of messages that excites me, but this one is THEone!
•We are going to create a system that will support Global teams of millions, on any task
•We need "co-op-etition" .. willingness to quickly adapt, try new things, judge each other's work fairly, and reach for collective growth; by, for, & with all of us
•No matter what size team was used to build whatever thing you look at next; our team can design a better one. We all contributed
•Picture an ongoing Science Fair for the world.. could hope for a "New Renaissance". Not just answering questions reactively, but --innovation (highly paid) and inventions (even more so) on a proactive basis
1Copyright 2023  - Charon Software  - All Rights Reserved
•I want to find a hundred | thousands  of Ramanujan (if you don't know –he was a 
poor Indian villager, born in 1887, with NO formal training, yet he managed to curate one 
of the largest –and still not fully understood!!  -- bodies  of mathematical theorems  ever).
•Humanity has almost definitely produced thousands  –just like him, yet destroyed nearly all 
the rest –by simply ignoring them -- under the crushing weight of "Status  Quo"
Copyright 2023  - Charon Software  - All Rights Reserved 2
Concierge
•The Systems piece is entirely too technical for a deep-dive discussion, here. But, here's the gist
•Picture walking into a posh 5-star hotel .. the person at the front desk knows all about the place, but... this particular person.. is uniquely Yours
•The Concierge keeps all your journal, notes, receipts, all of your interactions..
•Concierge is also your chauffer (I like to go fast, you may choose slow) and your chef (medium-well for me, please.. you might prefer rare)
•Concierge is a precursor to another system which I hope to build
•It's designed to be run as a game .. similar to World of Warcraft ..
•There will be one shared code-base
•We all get to be on both sides of the concierge role .. the better you are at helping out –the more the community pays you 
3Copyright 2023  - Charon Software  - All Rights Reserved
New Lingua Franca 
•One of the goals for the Concierge  is an "Intuitive" / Curious  system,  which I call "Frank"
•ASCII -> Unicode -> Frank  –explore a system  where we aren't limited to the 105 or so keys on the common  keyboard  for 99.99% of what we enter
•We've spent 20+ years "HTML encoding" the > symbol.  I want a system that lets me choose  letters, symbols,  words, & entire concepts  - regardless  of how I see  them on screen
•We spot patterns. One is the siloes of existing companies. We can create a virtual "silo". I have zero  interest in spending  any more of my work-life updating to the latest UI.
•I would much rather create one inter-connected system  that addresses  the common HR / Finance / Legal / Tech  / Other questions in one place, but using a team of millions of contributors all over the world
•I want to add "context" to response  formulation.  ex: as a question  "Ooh, what's that?" means  nothing, right? But if you're floating around Europe..  And an old castle came into view.. context would tell Frank exactly what you're asking about, no need  for clarification
4Copyright 2023  - Charon Software  - All Rights Reserved
Red Line
•Another  system I hope to create is called "Red Line"
•A direct always-on communication line  between  any two parties
•Think Khruschev :: Kennedy
•We don't want international incidents because of miscommunication
•We need  one centrally  agreed upon "Global Air Traffic Control" / Escalation prevention
•based  on something  new  –integrating  all of the cloud providers
•Red-Line  cannot be "down" - Ever
•Think of how often we all see "your system must be updated" BS  –at the worst times, sometimes...
Copyright 2023  - Charon Software  - All Rights Reserved 5
System –on a personal note
•I am a high risk for Alzheimer's. That terrifies me. My own personal cross to bear. But I don't want 
to face that without some kind of an advocate.. (all too often; people don't just "Not Care" -
We're sometimes downright hateful to one another)
•I believe we can create a system that can recognize needs in more ways than simply reactive.
•I dream of living in a world where we instantly share without language barriers. Latin did a lot to 
bridge those gaps. I feel  we can do even better..
•Think Star Wars droids... Our system will, in theory, begin to act as a proxy .. including for 
feedback? -> voting-by-proxy .. ?
•There's a lot - too much –to cover on this.. another video..? Depends on interest level in this 1st 
:)