
"A Case for Weirdoes" ... ? :)
•Don't know how much of a 'thing' this actually is .. hopefully it isn't ..
•I am tired of sitting in the back, heads-down, never speaking, never being heard, because I know -- I know -- I am weird. It sometimes –honestly –feels as though I speak some different language.
•I see an entire world filled with leaders who are polished. If it's up to me -- I am on the lookout for other weirdoes. Other odd cases. Quiet ones. As long as your primary agenda item is to help with flying cars, space elevators, space ports, and boats on other planets; you're not "weird" to me!
•To be clear.. I know most people kinda expect the polish & the pageantry.. That just isn't me. Not going to apologize. I am on the lookout for the best of those folks, yes. 
•But also I want to never again overlook people like me
1Copyright 2023  - Charon Software  - All Rights Reserved
Something to Believe In
•If you're half as frustrated  with the  world of today as I am - I hear you!
•I don't care about "Next Year's Model Line Up" of ANY car maker
•no offense –we are going to work on that with Partnerships!
•I don't care about ANY "Coming Soon!" sign about more concrete, asphalt, & Signs.
•As much nature as I can get; that’s my goal
•What would  I change...?
•Rides through the Parks (with internet connection), but otherwise very few signs of humanity
•New Work, Dude Ranch Vacations, Pods, Gliders, Flying Cars, Floating Yachts 
•What is there like that today?
2Copyright 2023  - Charon Software  - All Rights Reserved
Believe in pt.2
•Other places I think we can do better
•Theme Parks
•Restaurants packed to the gills
•Lack of fun things to do that aren't concrete & asphalt. There are few natural sources of joy left
•I love our National Parks.. But we can't build them up like this.. We can't build little train rides and 
shopping-spots
•Besides; Some of us only ever get to see them at most once a year. Many; never at all.
•I would love to build a 3-way compromise between Nature | Capitalism | Community-accessible Fund-raising 
& Events.. This feels like one possible means of maybe doing something fun
•Dream Big 
Copyright 2023  - Charon Software  - All Rights Reserved 3
What's Next?
•Can this message convince a few thousand folks to send a dollar or two?
•1st goal is intentionally kinda small; $2,400. We will see what we do for the next iteration
•Maybe we can coordinate Meetup(s)?•I'll buy Pizza! 
•If / when we hit our first big target –maybe $3-4 Million?•start our first Terran Astra Park right then & there 
•If you want to help (big "if". No obligation, but we could sure use your help!) 
•graphics for these presentations..?
•game design? –let me hear from you!
•maybe donate some $ if you can?
•#TerranAstra
•What I need are some "Meddling Kids" .. ready to make big changes in the world
•what I need most is a bunch of eager folks –of all ages, races, ethnicities, genders, religions –who are willing to work for little more than a wish & a prayer that we will soon have these parks, flying cars, outer space access, and our own compassionate robot.
4Copyright 2023  - Charon Software  - All Rights Reserved
Additional –Webcam on the Moon
•Why don't we have a webcam, with  live, nonstop  footage of what the 
moon sees,  24/7 ??
•And please  may we remedy that? I feel  like this  is actually a worthy 
endeavor, on its own..  Let's get a webcam on the  moon, ffs
•ASAP –this  is definitely  an interest  of mine, for as soon as we get 
those fund-raising  parks into high  gear!
5Copyright 2023  - Charon Software  - All Rights Reserved
Additional –"Peel Back Time" & have a see
•I am intrigued by this.. If Quantum Entanglement is truly a thing (too much to describe here, but please –look that up) –then we can look backwards. Only by a little (8 minutes at maximum) and with a range that is limited to daytime hours, but -- we can theoretically peel back time, itself
•If a crime was committed at 12:00 noon, anywhere in the world –the coordinates are provided ("instantly" via Quantum Entanglement) to our satellites, which turn their telescopes onto that location
•By 12:08 - he video  feed coming out of those telescopes would be from 11:52 - Eight Minutes Earlier!
•We get to watch the events not only of the crime itself.. but the events of several minutes leading up to that moment
•Not sure anyone else sees value in a police force that would be able to look backwards through time as part of its crime-fighting toolkit
•But Again; that kind of power can never be the property of any single Entity, Person, Company, or Govt.
