

Story – bow-ties & bullshit 

Time to rise above my principles, get involved in Politics 

We need unity... Survival. “Come w me, if you want to live” 

Both Left & Right can point to media outlets that have clips of extremes on bold display by “them” (All of them are like these few of them) 

Audience(s):  

Kids / Youth 

I want you to know – i am building this system for *you* 

Don't believe me? I am building it for *me* - 17 year old that’s gone. 77 year old that we all must face.  

Billionaires 

Time to pay the piper – take “what’s left”. Step 1 – let you invest in the 100 yr. 

Other countries’ leaders 

Our military leadership 

Political “Sides”  

Right: Guns & Abortion / hyper "patriotism" / 

Left: LGBTQ / Black / lust, sexuality, weaponized covet  

Both: billionaires & media

Each side has convinced 100,000,000 that the others are “evil” 

I hate that I must pick a fight w each group. But this is what I think y’all don’t want to hear from the other 

If any of you agree w 2 but hate me for 1 – you are who i am here for, but I am a package deal. No claiming you reject part of the problem while insisting that you continue to embrace one of the others 

Throughout, we *need* to be focused on what is important;  

Survival of climate emergencies 

impending reality of food shortages 

Abortion  

I've been on both sides 

Either way; this is NOT the “path to heaven” 

Rape of 10 yr old, no rights to THESE children,  

No willingness to pay a penny to any of it 

“Representation without taxation” 

LGBTQ 

Today's non-stop “in your face, vol 11+” parades & celebrations. Any call-out of which = “_phobe”.  

My “heroes” 

[Lamar Latrelle] 

Guns 

[Dictator] 

KBRC 

Reparations  

94 riots 

Casino  

What’s needed 

Ice halo 

Infrastructure of “up” 

Journalism – new 4th branch 

