Just a story 
Tired of sitting in the back. I am a weirdo, tired of “normal” people 
running things 
If RFK can do it – 2 can play. I don’t have name recognition. But if it’s 
ideas; mine beat anyone’s. Present. Past. For a long time to come.  
I want to be clear - I am NO fan of liberal agenda, in fact; hate it  
Biggest threat – today's gop. Drumpf. Never again 
Time to look away. There's a million ways we can go w that. But we are 
done w that  
We are done w this charlatan 
While we are at it – why not be done w life 1.0 
I want to tell a story. Maybe some of it’s real. Maybe some isn’t. The 
biggest thing; what difference does that make? 
We are locked in polar-opposite viewpoints that I don’t believe in. I 
don’t want to feel like I have to ‘take sides’, anymore. I am tired of 
every single one of the ‘sides” being offered. Not that I do / don’t 
believe in some of the content for most of the sides. I am tired of the 
story of Life 1.0 
I want to give us something amazing to work towards. I don’t believe in 
“coming soon”. I don’t believe in Religion 1.0. I am pious at depths that 
nobody can take from me, yet there is a fervor that leads to hate. And 
it’s not limited to the classical “religions”. If your passion has led you to 
believe that your fellow man is “them” - we’ve lost the way.  
Beyond anything else I hope to do -- I pray that I can convince all of you 
of that one thing – stop turning brother against brother. Stop obsessing 
over “them”. There's a whole lot of that gathering on the left, it’s true. 
But there’s a MOUNTAIN of it, in drumpf’s fan-base.  
I hope I can convince you that my story is better than that one. But if 
nothing else – turn from drumpf’s hate. We all have watched as that 
man did a million terrible things. We have even seen him throw his own 
sons under the proverbial bus.  
You deserve better. You deserve a new story. Life 2.0. Life->Next. You 
deserve to have those goggles lifted.