•Hi. I'm Jeff DeRemer
•I see a lot wrong  with  this  country, frankly the world
•unchecked climate change
•increasing political divides
•widening gaps between the haves & have nots –I could go on and on
•And I don't see  the leadership  necessary  to step up and solve these problems.  If anything,  many of them seem to be trying  to make it worse
•I've never done this before but I can't sit by and do nothing. This will be a bit rough but I think it's more important to get these messages out quickly than perfectly
•I'm hoping  to tell you about some big ideas I have –things  like flying cars, space elevators,  new parks, new form of PT work to earn vacations, new software, and most importantly to me; bringing  back community
•I'm even considering  announcing  a candidacy for President  of the 
United  States to lead these  changes
•I know you've heard a lot big-but-empty  promises
•I hope to demonstrate  that my ideas  are things  we can all work 
towards, now
•If –like me –you are maybe a bit disgusted with  the current state & 
downward  direction  of the  world, and see you see some promise  in 
any one of these  ideas,  I hope you'll join me -- with  your money, with 
your time, with  your support.  More on that near the  end
•I've dreamt of flying  cars my entire life
•I'm sure you have seen other models of flying  cars
•to put  it bluntly,  the other models  suck
•They're toys for the wealthy
•they don't seem destined to work safely
•My ideas  involve personal-use  pods,  of different  sizes,  developed 
with economical materials, focused  on redundancy  & safety
•They start there –and expand  to larger buses  which  can carry 
multiple  cars/pods.
•We develop gliders  along the way and eventually;  a space elevator
•To raise money for these  efforts, I envision  something  I call "Terran-
Astral Parks"
•These  will  be places  to visit,  ride through,  eat, recharge,  reconnect, go 
on vacation, hold events
•These  will  be run differently  than what you think  of as national 
parks, restaurants,  theme parks, & businesses  of today.
•Imagine;  leased  cooking/working/gardening/hobby  spaces,  long 
nature trips,  enjoying sunrises  and sunsets  from all over
•We will need  input  from as many people  as possible  to build  and maintain Terran-Astral  Parks, Cars, & a systems  to run it all, if we are to ever get this "vision of up" started
•I don't picture  hiring  individuals for FT jobs. I see folks doing tasks/roles  to earn credits  toward pods  and time and/or services  in the parks
•work could look like leasing  a spot in the park to provide  a service (barbershop  approach)
•filling  requests
•planting trees
•construction of the materials
•all the way up to leadership responsibilities
•The goal is flexibility  and fun, at the same time as getting  the right expertise/experience  involved at every step
•For now, you would keep your current jobs/sources  of income
•in time that model could change
•I also see pay/compensation  a bit differently
•I appreciate all workers equally –not based on their country of origin
•instead; I hope to create a system of standardized credits
•think points on reward cards
•As you complete work, you –and your community –earn redeemable credits
•More about work & community in follow-up  messages,  please 
just know this  piece is critical to me. This idea is at the core of how 
we build  flying  cars, where we base our parks, and hopefully  creating 
a sense  of responsibility  & personal  accountability
•I don't want to own these  entities  or turn them into anything 
that looks like today's corporate world
•All of this will  require  new software systems  -- one of which  I call The 
Concierge
•just like the person  behind  the desk  at a luxury  hotel, who has access 
to that place & all of its relevant content, but would also be able to 
get to know you to make the  best recommendations  for you
•I have a LOT more detail on the Systems pieces  in follow-up  messages 
-- I've spent  over 20 years as a software developer  –but  I know that 
topic is not for everyone
•i am going to need many others  to help me build  this  out –so let me 
know if this  is you!
•You're probably saying who is this nobody, coming out of nowhere, making all of these big promises?
•I've always been  different.  I've always seen  the world differently.
•I'm just someone who wants,  & needs  Change
•I hope to build  something  we can all believe  in. I know I'm dreaming big here.
•I think  the world I am trying  to imagine  would  be a better  place for all of us and so I'm taking this  big, scary, crazy step.
•Let me hear from you in some small way?
•maybe donate a few bucks, if you have it
•Let me know if you would want to help with any of this work?
•I just need to know that some of you have heard me -- #TerranAstra
•And yes –if you know someone who can help improve these messages  –that would be great, too