
Shipyard on top of the atmosphere
•Even longer term –more trillions of dollars later ..
•Again –another "this could only ever possibly be a thing with global collaboration"
•I want to get to space, dammit! I cannot possibly be the only one. And the current batch of spaceships will never have a seat on them for me. Or you. So; let's make our own.. Or at least begin the dialog of how we'd go about that
•The largest & top-most of the sections of the Space Elevator
•Float a massive "boat" - which is also a ship yard - as close to the top of the stratosphere as possible.. (50 km is top –30-40 km?)
•Construct rigid bodies from extremely lightweight materials
•Empty their hulls.. When they fall back on top of the stratosphere –no matter how thin at the top –they should float
•"Void-based displacement" should 100% be feasible
•"Those are the yachts you want, Billionaire class!".. That message seems better than "French revolution pt 2" -- for all parties involved
•Has a dependency on the Space Elevator
51Copyright 2023  - Charon Software  - All Rights Reserved
Partnerships
•I'd love to partner with companies that need office space / work arrangements•(I'd love to partner with companies that provide office space - I am not here to knock over apple carts!)
•I'd love to partner with car companies –but also (and I insist) I want these things to be available for everyone. Like Henry Ford "car for the common man" which was honorable, but I at least have to wonder if we can improve on that?? (HA-HA –Get back in your lane, I know)
•Partner w cruise ships .. how can they compete? Our boats can go everywhere they can - plus a billion more places.. Let's partner
•Also hotels .. we can offer a week of falling asleep & waking up someplace new each time. 14 destinations, all in YOUR bed. Who competes with that?? Let's partner
•Same for restaurants - I want a majority % to be available for mom & pop | the public .. But I definitely want to partner with local businesses to be able to be inside, as well. Not sure about permanent installations (?) I prefer the idea of a new experience each time TBH
•More importantly; let's not tip over anybody's apple cart
•"Big Me" even talking about these things, LOL .. Dream Big, I guess...
52Copyright 2023  - Charon Software  - All Rights Reserved
New Lingua Franca
•ASCII -> Unicode -> Frank –a new system that says we ought to at least explore a system where we aren't limited to the 105 or s o keys on the common keyboard for 99.99%  of what we enter
•We've spent 20+ years "HTML encoding" the > symbol. I want a system that lets me choose them their intended way, regardless of what I see in the writing
•We spot patterns. One is the siloes of existing companies. We can create a virtual "silo", and do so cyclically. I have zero interest in spending any more time on the lates UI componentry. I would much rather create an inter-connected system that addresses the common HR | Finance | Legal | Tech questions in one place, but using a team of millions
•Built literally inside the Concierge system, I want to add "context" to "consideration" ex: "Ooh, what's that?" as a question. Means nothing, right? But you're floating around Europe.. an old castle comes into view.. context tells us -- we already know the answer..
•In fact; context  may |  s houl d open doors  to  anti ci pation (s tage A1;
•on that first inhale (stage B1)
•or look of excitement* (stage B2)
•even to  the  poi nt of havi ng opi ni ons  (s tage A2)
•Note that in the "About Me" section I should add; I am a high risk for Alzheimer's. That terrifies me. My own personal cross to bear. But I DO NOT want to face that without an advocate.. And all too often; people don't just "Not Care"! They're downright hateful to one another. We have become a nation that has completely lost its conscience. I may not be able to convince a single person to seek that within themselves.. but maybe we can create a system that can recognize those needs. And maybe we can create a shared system where ALL of the specifics are obfuscated to remote handlers.. "That’s ME" seemslike the one & only way we handle everything. To hell with all lack of personal accountability. To hell with the bias of just ANY small team of programmers
•I do dream of living in a world where we instantly share without language barriers. Latin did a lot to bridge those gaps. I feel we can do even better..
•Think K2 - definitely my favorite of the Star Wars droids... Frank could, in theory, begin to act as a proxy .. including for feedback? -> voting-by-proxy .. ?
•That l atter precl udes  even  the  noti on of ever  agai n bei ng s tabbed i n the  s oul  as  we have al l  been, by Gors uch, Kavanaugh, and Coney-Barrett.  Sorry to cal l  a s pade a s pade, but –thos e 3 put thei r hand on a book –a book whi ch they  cl ai med made them  s uperi or to the  l i kes  of me  –and s wore that Roe  was  the  Law  of the  Land. They  s wore that oath. But  they  l i ed. On thei r book. Humani ty needs   to know  what i t's  i n for. Never  agai n can we have footbal l s  of that magni tude pul l ed out from  under us .  Vote-by-proxy
•I hope  I don't di e for s ayi ng s o ..
•There's a lot to cover on this.. another video..? if applicable..? Depends on this 1st, I guess..
53Copyright 2023  - Charon Software  - All Rights Reserved
"A Case for Weirdoes" ... ? :)
•Don't know how much of a 'thing' this actually is .. hopefully it isn't ..
•I am tired of sitting in the back, heads-down, never speaking, never being heard, because I know -- I know, I know -- I am weird. It sometimes –honestly –feels as though I speak some different language. in my life; I've had several friends that could "get" me .. but a much higher proportion of people for whom I am unpalatable
•I accept that. That's my burden to bear, not any of theirs. Their opinions are 100% valid.
•But –we state right up front –my "inner team" is probably going to need to be people who've dealt with eccentric  weirdos for whom "typical | normal" emotion processing isn't always going to come out the ways you may expect from "normal" people..
•I see an entire world filled with leaders who are polished. If it's up to me -- I am on the lookout for other weirdoes. Other odd cases. The quiet ones. As long as your one and only (or at least "primary") agenda item is to join me on this march toward flying cars, space elevators, space ports, and boats on other planets; you're not "weird" to me!
•To be clear.. I know most people kinda expect the polish & the pageantry.. That just isn't me. Not going to apologize. I am on the lookout for the best of those folks, yes. But also I want to maintain hold on direction.
54Copyright 2023  - Charon Software  - All Rights Reserved
Something to Believe In
•Queue  the  80s monster-ballad  by Poison
•If you're half as frustrated with the world of today as I am - I hear  you!
•I don't care about "Next Year's Model Line Up" of ANY car maker (no offense –we are going to work on that with Partnerships!)
•I don't care about ANY "Coming Soon!" Sign with another McDonalds / Starbucks
•I don't want any more Signs, power poles, asphalt, concrete. As much nature as I can get; that’s the goal. Can'tAll be nature –but we can work toward Most
•In fact –it often feels like there's more parts of the world of today that I don't like, very little that I do
•What would I change...?
•2 mph ride through the park, connected at high speed, but otherwise virtually no signs of humanity
•Meals, Work, Vacations, Pods, GLIDERS, Flying Cars, Floating Yachts .. so many things that are not accessible to any but a few, today
•What is there like that today? Mudslinging.. because politics has us all shell-shocked
•Some things that have been  played out;
•Today's Theme Parks. (no offense to any of them, or the people who go to them!)
•Restaurants packed to the gills. You, me, and 200 of our closest, all in a big common area like cattle
•Lack of fun things to do that aren't concrete & asphalt. There are few natural sources of joy left. They've been paved over & sold back at a premium
•I love our National Parks.. But we can't build them up like this.. We can't run them through with little train rides and shop-spots. And they aren't nearly as ubiquitous as we hope these will be
•Besides; Some of us only ever get to see them at most once a year. Many; never at all.
•I would love to build a 3-way compromise between  Wild Nature | Unfettered Capitalism | Community -accessible  Fund-raising & Events.. This feels like one possible means of maybe doing something fun
•Dream Big
55Copyright 2023  - Charon Software  - All Rights Reserved
What's Next?
•Is this all just a pipe dream?
•Can we get 2 to 3 thousand folks to send a dollar or two?
•1st goal is $2,400  and we will see what we can do for next iteration
•Maybe we can coordinate Meetup(s)? 
•I'll buy Pizza!
•If / when we hit $8 Million (big dream of big dreams)
•start our first Terran  Astra Park right then & there
•Even more $$ (it's ok to dream. I love this plan! Maybe a few others will, too) we open as many parks as *practical
•If you want to help .. big "if" - no obligation, and please don't go overboard.. on the one hand; even saying that seems like more over-reach.. but we've all seen how sometimes people get carried away...
•graphics for these presentations..?
•game design?  –let me hear from you
•Nothing so big that anyone's feelings  gets hurt, Please!
•What I need are some "Meddling Kids" .. ready to make some big changes in the world , one bite at a time
•Yes, we want to track this as well as we can, as soon as we can.. but if your mindset is "get rich, make demands" -- may want to wait until those things are squared away. Early days? I am mostly looking for people who would want this badly enough to volunteer. Time means more than $$ right now. Although; we also need & want a LOT of $$$
56Copyright 2023  - Charon Software  - All Rights Reserved
Kick Starter ? Meetup?
•Start this under stories?  May end up being all it ever is; words
•Start this under Games? We need an MMO RPG as Concierge
•We are starting a restaurant, so..•$250 gets you one "rolling meal" voucher in a shared booth
•$2,500 gets a credit toward a down-payment* on your own personal B-sized•*no way of knowing final price, at this moment. Goal would be that some entry level versions with (bamboo, screen, rattan) could be kept ~ $2500?
•I have nothing to send anybody, yet.. So for now –hoping to sell this as a story..•What 'swag' do we sell?
•What about RF cards..? Loaded with codes for Rides / etc.?
•So –Here was the story! If it was worth $1 - I'd love to hear from you
•Next (or soon?) kick starter will be for a game –need to connect with some folks who can help with development
57Copyright 2023  - Charon Software  - All Rights Reserved
Addendum –Webcam on the Moon
•Why don't  we have a webcam with  live nonstop footage of what the 
moon's face –which never turns  from earth –sees,  24/7 ??
•And please  may we remedy that? I feel  like this  is actually a worthy 
endeavor, on its own..  Let's get a webcam on the  moon, ffs
•ASAP –this  is definitely  a high  priority item, for as soon as humanly 
possible
58Copyright 2023  - Charon Software  - All Rights Reserved
Addendum –"Peel Back Time" & have a see
•I am intrigued by this.. If Quantum Entanglement is truly a thing –then we can look backwards. Only by a little (8 minutes, max) and with a very limited range (it'll have to by high noon or so, local time) but .. we could theoretically do this (?) - for a lot of $$
•Form 3* concentric but offset rings of telescopes in offset orbit. Each is equipped with one of these entangled computers
•3 rings lets us test a separate | additional  theory, plus provides greater coverage  and redundancy
•If a crime was committed at exactly 12:00 : High Noon in any given city  –the coordinates are given to these satellites, which turn their apertures on that location.
•Allowing for instant connection between crime -> earth system notified -> signal sent -> signal received -> & telescopes aimed.. the video feed that those telescopes are seeing is from 11:52  or so..
•The rest is limited by normal. Allowing for zero-lag on connecting pieces; by 12:08 we begin receiving images from 11:52
•We get to watch the events not only of the crime itself.. but the events of several minutes leading up to that moment
•We can't be sure of what else might happen when we have system which would be -- presumably –bidirectional. I don't know what (if anything, honestly...) lies around that corner. But in the "About Me" section of all of this.. I must know. Like Sam Neill in Event Horizon, I can't not look..
•But also  - I want to check in with the world, first.. Like what do we think? Do  we peel back the veil of time and see  if there's secrets hidden? I vote "Yes"
•Not sure anyone else sees value in a police force that would be able to look backwards through time as part of its crime-fighting..
•Again –That could never be the property of ANY single entity -- Person, Company, Govt entity..
59Copyright 2023  - Charon Software  - All Rights Reserved
Addendum –"Morality Police" -> Tranquility?
•I struggle with saying something like; 'please leave your agendas  at the door'
•I know how important your thing is.. And I know you're justified,  because  after all; "THEM". I know how much you don't care f or them. But; I know them. I had a barbecue  with them, just last week. That thing they do that you hate?  They  insisted they  be allowed.  I  told them no. Gotta say that same, here,  to you. I know how important it is.. But it has to stay outside.
•Enough  Proselytizing. Enough  "mudslinging",  I  don't just mean  politicians.  Enough  banners  & flags  of all kinds.  If it's any of a whole host of things currently tearing this country (& the world) apart; I don't want it waved around in the parks
•Do  we have the authority (or  –for that matter –maybe even a moral obligation?) to say such things?
•I know, I know; WAY out of my lane.. But - I am at least going to be posing that question,  if given half a chance. & I'd welcome your input
•I feel  we all deserve  Parks ("Good  - D/C quality"). Inside of the parks; Oases ("Great  –B"). In small pockets of Maximum Zen; Edens ("Perfect  A-A++"). Picture a Japanese  Garden. Let's create thousands of those, all over. If you are at peace  with the people  around you –you can  earn visits there. Frank just gets them for you, based on feedback  from interactions. He's always got you enrolled in that "Lottery"
•Honestly –there's No Way we create "Eden" when we are screaming at each  other like this
•So –if you think your agenda –sorry –don't care which  –supersedes  that; I am sorry - I want this to be a club, not an "open to the public" busines s... I'd rather not do it at all, if we can't have at least ONE  spot on this earth where we can be free of the damn noise.. Serenity  Now!
•I choose tranquility & the pursuit of flying cars. If it's legal to say that that is the Guiding Principle # 1 ? .. those are the only two agenda  items permitted. Everything else has to wait outside.  Politics | Religion  | Sexuality -related  boundary-trampling  | anything "incendiary" on the world stage.. I can only create a break from that (I feel?)  by focusing on nature & flying cars
•Part Rebel Scum. BORN Rebel  Scum! But also part Empire. Sorry.. I honestly don't feel that we get there in the current state of  humanity being nearly devoid of anything like accountability. Or a willingness to sit down, listen, & compromise... Someone  is going to need  to codify that into the conditionality  for something that people reach  a place where  they want it so bad; they're willing to agree  to live a little tiny bit beyond "I GOT RIGHTS"